## Background
 A [[Replicant]] posed as [[Saul Sadabris]] while another posed as [[Grant Phillips]]. The duplicate of [[Grant Phillips]] attempted to arrest [[The Davises]] when it could recognize their connection to NeuroSynth. [[The Davises]] attempted to incapacitate the duplicate when his enhanced strength was revealed. A bullet didn't stop him. Half a dozen rounds didn't. Several dozen did.

They took the car into the woods. The hope was to actually hide the body until they could report back to command. They can't call due to the interference of the [[Hybrid Hive Mind]]. The reason the car is abandoned is because they encountered an [[Emergent]] on the road. [[Sean Davis]] backed up and rammed the thing. This incapacitated the creature; however, it rendered the car undrivable. He backed up just enough for the thing to collapse. Since the Davises are NeuroSynth contractors they know bioweapons can be dangerous. They grabbed weapons and left. Hiking on foot back to town.

At Saul's residence, another team was dispatched. This would be another couple consisting of [[Jacob Caldwell]] and [[Cassie Caldwell]]. Since Saul is a protected asset they needed to make contact with him. He hasn't responded to calls. Showing up to his residence they were greeted by a large force of "FBI". A shootout occurred. These were rank and file models. When shot, they bleed a clear fluid that evaporates in air. The Saul they encountered was not the Saul they have been working with. The duplicate Saul's enhanced strength combined with the numbers of the synthetics made short work of both the Caldwells. The surviving [[Drones]] recovered the damaged ones to be rebuilt. Saul still had a protocol to pose as Saul. He returned to the bedroom until [[Guy David Zeezed]] and [[Zara Sadabris]] discovered him. The Caldwells were actually the original team dispatched. The Davises have the directive to recover the Caldwells. They were arrested at a truck stop outside of [[Cherryville]]. This is normally outside of [[Grant Phillips]] jurisdiction; however, this wasn't Grant.

The real Saul was captured by the Synthetics before the events of the story. He is being held at the [[Abandoned Factory]] which serves as a base of operations for the Synthetics.

The roots of [[Cherrywood]] contain [[Azurium Zephyrite]]. They burrowed into the bodies of the old children's graveyard behind [[The Clinic]]. The bodies are moving into the woods to combine genetic material with the hivemind.